what's up folks it's kiss Fernanda your
roving gastrin on and today I happen to
be the miraflores neighborhood of lima
peru but check out this seafood
restaurant called la rosa gothic are
known for its ceviche which you know is
raw fish cooked in lime juice and spices
and this place right behind me is
supposed to have some of the best and
not only that it's got a great location
it's in the middle of the jetty jutting
out into the Pacific so
let's go eat
so we have the seviche Colorado here
it's fish shrimp and octopus try a
little piece
oh my god
I'm speechless it's so good
I haven't had a lot of ceviche in my
life but this is pretty damn good
it's got lime juice cilantro
red onions there's no little chili
pepper okay
she's finishing up my bottomless plate
of ceviche here and
this is something they served with the
ceviche
Charlie Sheen's got his Tigers blood
I've got wet Tiger's milk it's the
marinade that they
make the ceviche and basically lime
juice cilantro onions
here it goes down the hatch Tigers go
all right the main course has arrived
folks and it's a duck breasts student
black beer cilantro and Peruvian herbs
very it's a very kind of typical
Peruvian dish oh my god the duck is just
melting so tender look at that
amazing it just melts in your mouth and
it's served over a bed of curved rice
and here is my dining companion and
friend Susan now who incidentally took
the pictures for rice and curry he's
having some shrimp squid scallops plans
all cooked in Wright's Peruvian paia and
what do you think so
go nice enjoy that
I'm all done cooks
the doctors bring very rich
I must say though being the spice head
that I am
if anything could improve this dish it
would be little chilly
specifically some habanero have been
great but the duck was great perfectly
for
very tasty cooked in the black beer and
cilantro sauce and it's a very typical
old sweet very good dish as well as the
paella French soup had
she certainly did justice to and what
more can you ask for having fresh
seafood in a setting like this I'm in
the middle of the Jenny right in